	In these days, structural connectome from diffusion-weighted tractography has been applied to the clinical, anatomical, cognitive studies. To obtain informative and accurate structural connectome, many tracking algorithms and post-processed optimization methods were developed. In the pipelines of structural connectome analysis, probabilistic tractography is more used than other tracking methods such as global tractography and deterministic tractography, because the structural connectomes are based on the end to end networks. The nodes of the connectome are determined by the macroscopic brain atlas. As a brain atlas, such that AAL atlas and Desikan-Killiany atlas are conventionally used in these studies. Probabilistic tractography has much strongness that it generates more fibers than other tracking algorithm and it could terminate the tracking certain voxels, but it has some week points,  because of the nature of its algorithm. (1) The density of reconstructed connections between two regions by probabilistic tractography is not originally reflected in the density of underlying axon connections. (2) Probabilistic tractography generates many spurious outlier fibers which are inappropriate from the viewpoint of brain white matter anatomy.
	The problem of (1) was addressed by some optimization algorithm, and former studies could reduce tracking bias, and the structural connectome comparison based on the number of fibers of the end to end network has been practical. Some validation of these methods by comparing whole-brain fiber reconstructions with and without these methods to evaluate the measures of white matter estimated from post-mortem brain dissection studies.
	However, the problem of (2) has not been addressed sufficiently. The most conventional and simple outlier removing method is a length based outlier filtering. But, the length-based outlier filtering often fails to remove outlier fibers because the length of outlier fibers are not always too long or too short within the fiber population.
	To overcome this problem, we propose a novel method for outlier removing that the fibers are characterized by the three-dimensional feature vector (length, mean-density, mean-curvature) and based on a robust statistic. This proposed method enables us to remove outlier fibers within whole-brain connectome by one objective threshold.
	In this paper, we first introduce an algorithm of a novel method for outlier removing. Next, we apply this method for the open access data from the Human Connectome Project (HCP) and compared the length-based outlier filtering method results. We generate the eleven subjects of whole brain tractograms by using the Anatomy Constraint Tractography (ACT) and applied the proposed method to these eleven connectomes. We show the reproducibility and the effects for connectomes in the result section and discuss the effectiveness of this method in the analysis of the structural connectome. 
