Materials and Method
	The subject of this method is the end to end structural connectome networks by probabilistic tractography and the AAL atlas. Of course,  there are other methods rather than probabilistic tractography, but we chose it because probabilistic tractography is commonly used for the structural connectome analysis.
As a data set, eleven healthy subjects of the Human Connectome Project (HCP) were randomly extracted. The extracted sub-dataset contained 8males and three female, and the average age was 25 years old. The Preprocessed Diffusion MRI data and the Preprocessed Structure Data of HCP were downloaded from the 1,200-subject release of the HCP dataset. The details of the HCP is referred to the paper (Van Essen et al. and Sotiropoulos et al.) for more details about the data acquisition and preprocessing. 

・A Construction of Tractograms and Connectomes
	The diffusion-weighted image data were processed following this anatomically constrained tractography (ACT) procedure. In summary, a tissue-segmented image (5TT image) was generated from T1 weighted image by MRtrix3 command (MRtrix3 command 5ttgen). The original diffusion-weighted image of HCP was multi-shell diffusion image, and we extracted the single-shell of b=2,000 images by MRtrix3 command (MRtrix3 command dwi2extracts) because the LiFE post-procedure required a huge memory consumption and computations. To avoid this memory consumption about (~500GB Memory Usage), we extracted single-shell images and reduced memory consumption. Then, the response function was estimated by the Tournier algorithm, and the Single-shell Constrained Spherical Deconvolution (SCSD) was performed with the MRtrix3 command dwi2fod and dwi2response. The parameters of each command were that the maximum spherical harmonic order (lmax) was 6.
Afterward, the initial tractogram was generated by the iFOD2 algorithm with the anatomy constraint. This processing generated 1 million streamlines, where maximum tract length = 250 millimeters, FA cutoff = 0.06, seed_image = GM_WM interface. In the anatomy constraint, the streamlines that reached the GM boundaries were within gray matter and white matter.
	Then, Spherical Deconvolution Informed Filtering of Tractograms (SIFT) methodology and Linear Fascicle Evaluation (LiFE) were applied to these tractograms generated by the above procedure. The parameter of reducing ratio for SIFT was 50%. The LiFE algorithm requires a huge memory usage, so we down-sampled the diffusion-weighted image data into 3 mm x 3 mm x 3 mm voxel size and limited the number of fibers 1 million to execute the LiFE algorithm in the ordinary workstations. As the conventional workstation, we used the Linux workstation with 98GB memory and 2 Xeon 3.6 GHz CPUs. The execution of LiFE algorithm was performed by the python implemented version in the Dipy [ref]. These post-processing procedures are known to reduce the tracking bias by optimizing the gaps between prediction and data. 
For these reasons, the application of SIFT or LiFE in the successor procedure after probabilistic tracking is highly recommended to obtain more informative structural connectome.
	At this point, we obtained three whole brain tractograms,  original not post-processed whole brain tractograms; SIFT applied whole brain tractograms, LiFE applied whole brain tractograms.
	Finally, these whole streamlines were parcellated into a set of 116 regions of the Automated Anatomical Labeling (AAL) atlas by MRtrix3 command tck2connectome, and we obtained the AAL based structural matrices with 116 nodes and 6,670 edges for each subject.  The AAL atlas is one of the most common atlas used in the structural and functional connectome based study.

・Proposal on a Novel Method for Outlier Removing
	The procedure for this proposed method is summarized in [fig. ref]. The outlier fibers have some apparent features that they traverse looped pathways, too long pathways or isolated. The simple and commonly used method for removing outlier fibers is length-based filtering that too long length or too short length are regarded as outlier fibers. However, in some cases outlier fibers are not so long or short, then the simple criterion such as the deviation from the mean of lengths could not adequately remove the outlier fibers, but also removes correct fibers in error. However, it is considered that outliers can be excluded with higher accuracy if combining a plurality of features and successfully defining the degree of dissociation.
	Then, we incorporate other fiber features in addition to fiber length. Fibers are characterized by the three-dimensional feature vector (length, mean-density, mean-curvature). 
[EQ features]
[EQ features]
, where k means the index of the edge for the connectome matrix, and l means the lth fibers in of the corresponding edge.
	The mean-density and the mean-curvature were important as features because the outlier fibers are sometimes isolated, loop-structured or skewed trajectories. To obtain the mean-density and mean-curvature along fibers, the track weighted density and track curvature images were calculated by the MRtrix3 command tckmap. Then, the mean-density and the mean-curvature along the fibers were calculated by averaging of the density and the curvature of all voxels where the fibers crossed, respectively.  
	To convert these features into scalar statistical value, we adopted Maharabinos distance with a robust covariance estimated by the fast-MCD algorithm [ref]. This is because this V_i,j contains many outliers (next section, we will estimate 5% ~ 15%), then the maximum likelihood estimator of the covariance tend to be overfitting to the outliers. The fast-MCD estimator is a robust and computational efficient algorithm for estimating the Minimum Covariance Determinant (MCD). The implementation of this fast-MCD was in the opensource python library of scikit-learn [ref]. 
	To convert this Maharabinos distance into statistical value, we used the simple robust statical method, such that
[EQ stats],
, where MAD is a Median Absolute Deviation[ref]. 
This robust score is quite more reliable than z-score, and we chose the cutoff for outlier was |4|. This threshold thought to be very conservative because the z-score of 4 means 99.993 percent area. In the following discussion section, we address the shape of this robust score and the validity of this threshold.
・Evaluations for this proposed method
	To quantitate the effect of this proposed method, we introduce the evaluation index,
[EQ stats]
	E_k,l = (A - B)/A time 100
, Where k and l mean the row and column of the connectome matrix respectively. The variables A and B mean the number of fibers for the original edge and filtered edge respectively. In addition, to obtain the stability of this E_k,l  we neglect for the edges with a very few numbers of fibers below 30 fibers. 
